hotline link episode 14 is here that's
right we got bio frost on the show our
first ever pro player we're gonna be
taking your calls talking about all
sorts of stuff
how CLG is doing how the LCS is doing so
much more there's a bunch to talk about
hot line League starts now
hot line League is brought to you by
omen by HP woohoo we did it alright
getting better and better at those
intros how's it going mark am I on
camera you were on camera people see you
right now
hey buzias have you bring to the opening
of the show as always wait to get this
show over with I bought a ps4 Monster
Hunter today I had a friend who just
didn't use a hundred bucks its Monster
Hunter it's always good went here at the
start of the show that you want it to be
done with already you know like that's
the thing that makes it gets me going
yeah yeah absolutely so I'm excited for
that I haven't done anything as a hobby
or like for fun in a long time so yeah
I'm looking for well you into the movies
and got drugged that's kind of fun those
are dates that's like my girlfriend
makes me go oh those are not icy yeah
that's for work it's the Serie I want to
see Black Panthers she was like I don't
want to sit in your room again
yeah it's your third or fourth job I
think is your relationship with your
girlfriend I understand yeah alright so
let's talk a little bit about some stuff
that's been going on you got Monster
Hunter you didn't wait for the PC
version very disappointed so I have a
lot of friends who are all like wait for
PC release wait for PC release and then
I was like yeah dude I'll definitely do
them we'll all play together and I
realized I actually don't play any games
with anybody right now and I have a hard
time getting on schedule with people
when they want to play so the likelihood
that I even play with these people when
I do get the PC version was pretty low
so I was like why don't I just get it
now and then I could play blood-borne
and horizon zero dawn and a bunch of
other things yeah I her eyes n'zeer down
by the way my game of last year and also
you haven't you already not playing
silly aspire no I hear a lot of people
geeking out about that I might I might
pick it up in a little bit
you should I definitely always like it
it's it's
it's early access right yeah but I mean
it might maybe nobody's playing it by
the time it comes out let's talk about
League of Legends a little bit whatever
so the most interesting thing for me
this weekend was your decision to play a
clown fiesta song with your mouth during
jets analysis jet I felt like listening
that clip because I was outside doing an
interview jet I felt like did not
appreciate that like he was did was that
pre-planned it felt like he was very it
was coming oh he knew what was coming
yeah I told him I was gonna just yeah
even if he even if he did I don't think
he was happy I think he wasn't happy
because he just had to watch that whole
game okay yeah like all of us were mad
just about that game yeah and for those
that don't know we're talking about the
hundred thieves CLG match right yeah
yeah and it was I think yeah it was it
was just really bad a game and so we
were the whole time just like ragging on
that game we were like how can we make
this segment like fun can we like gets
can people start recording us in like
the analyst desk watching this like
behind the scenes kind of look yeah
we're we're just like flaming everybody
in the game and then we couldn't really
do that so like how do we how do we want
to do this and I was like I'll just do
the circus music yeah I think you will
enjoy my interview with aphromoo because
I called him out on it basically being a
clown fiestas he did not take kindly to
that he was like listen we couldn't do
these things other than like teamfight
in the mid game so that's why there were
so many team fights he did not he did
not feel as though at least from from
the takeaway for me was that he he did
not feel like it was a clown fiesta did
not appreciate me calling it class yeste
so it'll be interesting I think for
people to see how he feels about that I
was amazed at his interview with Offaly
right after the game where he seemed
like super composed yeah given how that
game wasn't I mean like it's it's like
League of Legends is really hard so I
get how like sometimes you know games
don't really follow a game plan how they
should or something like right but at
the end of the day there was a there's
three minutes it's like sequence in that
game where they team fought mid and they
CLG you says all teracle nothing
happened they almost fought and killed
each other they do it again says all
comes back up they do it a third time
and I think they might kill somebody and
they start off elder dragon and sticks a
runs around the map in a circle getting
chased by all 100 thieves and he pulls
them back to like where the rest is
healed you had abandoned him left him on
dragon and then there shit about another
fight but no one had any mana left to
fight again because they just all did it
and that is not a sequence that should
ever happen in a high-level village it's
just like you don't see that in other
areas it's just it was bad yeah all
right so let's it's just maybe a good
conduit to open up a discussion that i
wanted to have with you and maybe we can
bring a bio frost into later depending
on how you feel about this but we kind
of talked about this last week but I
can't DM LCS looks so bad right now like
echo Fox and cloud 9 and then everyone
else is really about like 8 bad teams am
I crazy and thinking this nope ok during
that game and then during the 100th use
flight quest game I turn to James and I
was like when do I get to say that the
LCS is bad just basically from top to
bottom yeah and he was like we can have
that conversation now so he kind of
prompted me in one of the ad sections
the same way but like you said the top
two teams are good legitimately good and
then there it's like the Wild West
anyone from 3 through 10 can beat each
other and it's like it sucks at like
they're so inconsistent because I'm
trying to do predictions every weekend
yeah and usually middle of the seasons
when you start hitting your strikes it's
like oh that number three teams like
pretty good which is what team like we
should have been before they started
going in the can so yeah it's really
it's a really weird split yeah it's both
like quite frankly in some ways this is
the most fun I've had working with the
LCS since basically the start of it I
feel like I mean even before the start
of split I was more excited than I had
been are this the most excited I've been
since like 2013 when it debuted but
because there's so many interesting
storylines you feels like every week
there's a revenge match the revenge
almost always comes through even when
this golden Guardians first team liquid
you still get it you know
the uncertainty of anyone can beat
anyone echo fox is just filled with like
whoo he's just walking around making fun
of everyone and no one could stop him
because he's only dropped a single game
like it is it is a very fun time to be
in the scene on the other hand I am very
concerned about sell bad na LCS is right
now it very confused as to why how bad
or how why na LCS is so bad it's because
there is legitimately nine players who
stayed on the same team yeah
41 players change teams so like you have
zero consistency basically amongst any
teams and the thing is three of those
players are on CL c9 and three of them
were on CLG so like that means only
amongst the other eight teams only three
players were consistent so like there
was just an unprecedented level of
roster upheaval yeah in the LCS and then
two more were on TSM right so like it's
fuckin nuts in like even like some
players suck as like a core like the NV
core kind of went to a new org in the
immortals core kind of went to a new org
but you're in a totally new environment
now because it's not your same yeah
different coaching people different
different coach you you live somewhere
different you practice somewhere
different you are still getting new
teammates so in that sense like yeah
there was almost no consistency yeah I
know we're gonna have to stall a little
bit longer by the way cuz bio for us
says he's wearing 10 minutes late cuz
he's in traffic well he had to leave the
house to get dinner I will not I don't
know but I expect one of our callers to
ask him but I I think it's it's just an
interesting time like what like I'm
really curious to see if cloud 9 is the
only old guard team that ends up looking
good out of this entire split including
playoffs right I mean what are the
chances now and maybe it'll happen but
what are the chances that TSM rtl
recover by playoffs cuz I feel like this
is when they might look worse than they
have the entire split like they look
like they're training down I don't know
about I think they might have looked a
little worse week 1 week 2 but then they
looked a little bit better and now they
look bad again so I'm not mean yes sir
but I mean TL is looking yeah see I was
definite looking the worst they've
looked Oh split and I think that was a
kind of concern for TL where's like all
right
I'll probably come in and be really good
right off the bat but will they be able
to sustain it and I think I was
expecting them to to maybe stay third
after seeing how good echo fox and c9
were I didn't expect them to get tied
for third fourth I didn't expect to see
like golden Guardians be one game
outside of CLG and fly quest the optic I
guess like climbing clutch is ranked
higher than TSM right now right they're
tied but they own the head-to-head yeah
so yeah it's it's fucking nuts is what
it is and I think when you get to the
playoffs like it's I was talking with
the sail about this like TSM looks bad
and you want to be like these guys are
bad but there's just like that nagging
sat in the back of your head words like
they've been to every finals
ever in na and it's like alright I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna condemn this team
say they have no chance the way I kind
of did with CLG uh a couple weeks ago
meanwhile meanwhile echo fox is just I
I'm interested to see if that team I
don't at this point in time I think the
whole they're gonna blow up narrative is
pretty much whatever but they are so
cocky and so swagalicious like first off
they they've got hooni but also I
interviewed an arrow their coach first
time I've ever interviewed him and Jude
is super confident he's like I was like
are you gonna win playoffs he's like
playoffs yeah we could definitely win
playoffs we're gonna compete
internationally so we just have to wait
to get there you dudes very confident
funny inside story about this when we do
rehearsals at the LCS they run the same
clips over and over again as
placeholders until they update them so
like we'll have a interview that we know
we got with another teams coach but
until we actually get like that's what
it's gonna go but until we actually
record it we just run an arrows
interview over and over again so there
was some interview week - I think we did
with an arrow and now it just gets
played every single toe oh yeah because
just default in the system or whatever
yeah it's just like what they what they
use and he starts a lot of his answers
off with uh and his voice is really deep
it's super deep yeah he's like it's his
voice is so deep as he's got like all
this chest hair so he had this like in
my interview he's got his shirt open
like this cuz he said he lost his tie
and there's
just like all this manly hair his voice
is so deep he's like I'm like if the
team starts to a fault like starts to
lose are people gonna start getting
angry with each other's like no that's
not gonna happen because we're not gonna
lose I'm like very anyways just it's
just funny that his interview is always
when we listen to so we always hear like
three times a weekend four times a
weekend about and we just always do that
to each other
oh I never James that's the sequester in
rehearsal yeah poor enero doesn't
realize well so he's actually a guy who
I want to start asking his players about
more yeah he was on echo fox when they
sucked balls and that was on echo fox
when they're really good with hooni and
you just have never like heard much
about this yeah he came from dream team
and tainted minds right it's like he
came from nowhere echo fox liked him and
now they're doing good so like i'd like
to learn more about him because like
Zabu team came over and we interviewed
Sabbatini and they're like what's your
coaching style he's like very player
focused and like work hard and this kind
of stuff and i felt like no one was like
hey enero what do you do a lot like how
do you approach it yeah
oh sorry I see in the twitch chat you
were saying so so cg is ahead of TSM
they're tied with TL yeah sorry I just
got it mixed up in my head but TSM is in
that like ridiculous tie underneath
because there's a there's a five and
five team at fifth
yeah which is a November what do you
think of golden Guardians I think that
team is pretty bad all things considered
I still maintain like what I thought
when when st. was on here was like all
those guys are LCS caliber players but
they should be role players and you
shouldn't stick all them on a team
together yeah and like you know maybe
maybe role players too harsh of a term
for for contracts
well like Laurel was having a really
good split but it's just like there's
not much help there botlane seems like
consistent at points but like they're
not beating other lanes and so like
maybe that's a lane that can go even on
a team with other pressure elsewhere
yeah then they they get their wins
usually through like I mean the Team
Liquid game was sad from Team Liquid Zen
and any other game they had like really
crazy flex pigs yeah maybe we should hop
into really quickly just a shout-out to
our sponsor for the show mark if you
want to think a little bit about let's
talk about what do I get back from that
while we sell for bio frost maybe it's a
chat can can give us a real take a call
either way do you want to give a
shout-out to omen by HP who is a sponsor
for the show talk about them the past
couple of weeks they did a nice little
giveaway that by the way I want to thank
all of you guys for supporting and
signing up for because I think both me
and then we're really impressed with the
amount of attention and love that that
got and I think that's always a really
nice thing whenever on the show you guys
can help out with you know kind of a
giveaway or shout out to a sponsor or
anything like that not just sit in the
show but also the rest of my content so
anyway thanks for signing up for that
but if you if you are new you haven't
heard me talk about this before omen by
HP relatively new gaming brand can enter
the space a couple years ago and they
are doing some really really cool stuff
I think they have identified that
eSports is the future of gaming at least
in some part and so they are really
trying to support eSports across a bunch
of different ways you know it's not a
situation where you know some brands
come in they're just like oh yeah here
agency just buy me a bunch of ads on
some website or something like that I
think they are looking at things from a
comprehensive standpoint they want to
you know they do things like they
sponsor overwatch League but besides
sponsoring overwatch league they even
come and sponsor a show like this one
was a very grassroots show that's
happening they they have a deal with CLG
if you look at the logo on their jerseys
they at least of course he'll gpio frost
coming on the show and just a little bit
so it's really nice of them to do that
stuff they are they have really cool
computers all the way back to last year
right before worlds they hooked me and
brought in my producer up with computers
just so be nice and make sure that we
had some cool gear going into Worlds I
didn't have any requests on what we
would do in return or anything like that
it was a sort of they wanted to support
the content that I create and with hot
line League I think they really liked
the show and so we had this conversation
they came in as a sponsor so again that
helps mark and I actually get paid for
doing the show which is neat mark has
the yet to get paid I know he's about to
get aggressive but paperwork is
complicated and I need to request some
paperwork from Hema so that we can make
that happen I would say I'm pretty lacs
about getting paid on things probably to
a false to be honest yeah but it's okay
I will make sure markets paid because
they don't pay him they pay me and then
I pay mark that's how this goes either
way I really really appreciate the
support that they've shown the show
we're actually streaming this off of an
omen computer right now I've got my omen
laptop behind me on my second desk and
I've really really enjoyed everything
about it they have they've asked me or
they didn't say you know hey Travis you
have to endorse this or say that you
like it but I've used it and haven't had
an issue with it and found it to be
really really great it's been a good
upgrade for me since for my previous
computer for editing and all that stuff
so either way thank you so much omen for
supporting the show if you guys
appreciate their support you can give
them a follow on Twitter omen by HP I'll
put it into the chat and you can tell
them you know maybe thanks for
supporting hot line League or any any
number of different things I know that
they do some other content and all that
stuff so you can follow them there and I
think that that that helps them you know
really understand that the audience
appreciates that so thanks so much to
omen by HP yeah and I really appreciate
this headset it's comfy and shit and one
of the things I actually really like
about it that always annoys me with
other headsets sometimes is when the
middle part on the top of my head feels
too heavy and I don't know why I just
really bothers me I didn't even tell
marki how to do that this was a surprise
I took the logo down I didn't think he
was gonna say anything then he did like
I can stop no no you're good you can see
whatever you want I'm just saying that's
that it's mark is that mark legitimately
appreciates it there we go so some
people said that they're not seeing the
the pop-ups right now on the screen for
donations or something I'll have to fix
that in a second but
thanks again to omen all right I pulled
some people for more general discussions
if you oh yeah yeah why don't we do that
we'll call so we'll bring somebody in
again bio frost Vincent should be on and
about five to ten minutes so thanks
everyone for hanging and this is I know
this is the bio frost waiting room
that's how people are thinking about
this but we're gonna get our first
caller in just a second and once we do
that I know I know I have a list of
generous people who've subbed and
donated I need to go through that list
in just a second part of the reason why
a donations don't show up by the way is
you have to donate 4 dollars and 20
cents or more I think it shows that on
the thing hey that's no funny Fig Newton
1177 just subscribed Fig Newton 1177 is
on the show but he's muted so hopefully
he unmutes himself so I can ask him
where he's calling from did you meet him
mark
no well okay we let he left he got
nervous I love our fans doing Fig Newton
freaking out I don't know what happened
there a little little nervous maybe
hello hello we've got bill on the show
hello bill were you called from I'm
calling from New Orleans New Orleans hey
I was there a year ago at this time for
a bachelor party really enjoyed it yeah
yeah what do you want to talk about on
the show I wanted to talk about the MVP
race I kind of wanted to hear what you
guys think who's like leading right now
and I wanted to talk about like the
concept of the best player in a team and
the most valuable and differentiate to
who knee is I think somebody else is
suggesting it should be doc is running
in the lead right now for MVP but I feel
like and again I'm no analyst but
everyone seems to be hyping up hooni and
it you know talking around people people
think that in some ways he's like just
carrying the shit out of echo fox
questions would they have beat echo fox
if they were sorry cloud 9 this past
weekend if they didn't have honey I'm
not sure yeah I think so
I think doc he had a thing that he said
I think was in the countdown we were in
but doc was like who needs the MVP and
like having like working with him and
being on his team I can say that you
know for sure how much he does for our
team
you know like behind the scenes kind of
thing and I think Doc's really good
don't get me wrong I think Phoenix is
really good don't get me wrong but like
hooni has such a transformative effect
on every international team like Western
team that he's played on that it's like
all right this is like no joke that he's
done it like with three different
rosters now where his win rate is
absolutely insane like people always
post on reddit you know like the oh my
god this guy hit Korean Challenger with
50 wins and 6 losses Wow it's like dude
that's like huni's LCS record is like
those constant numbers it's absolutely
disgusting and then he's having he's
clearly the best top laner right now is
he has the best stats by far you can
just watch it he's an absolute monster
like and then you have his teammates
being like yeah he's a big reason why
we're good yeah and it's not to say that
those other players aren't good because
they are but it's just like if you
didn't have honey how would they look
mark you mentioned the fact that he's
had all this success across different
rosters and I saw that said of course
I'm read it about how few regular split
games he's lost over the course of stuff
it's even less if you discount his
rookie split do you do you think it's
fair to take that into account for an
MVP vote because you're like technically
that was stuff that happened outside the
split and the MVP is for this split or
do you just say like oh well within the
greater context of this you know he's
once again shown this consistency and
that gives me I think it's it's more of
a contextual thing where it's like it
can be heart like legal legends of such
a team game and there's such little
clarity on who is responsible for what
within the team environment it can be
sometimes hard to appreciate someone so
I think like reignover is a guy who got
and I I went on this kind of tangent
before it so I think reignover got
overrated because he always played on
teams with hooni and then now that
they've been apart for a while reignover
scent completely struggling and he's
been just fine so like I think the fact
that you can have this level of
unbelievable unmatched dominance across
multiple rosters and regions is when
you're kind of like okay who needs
probably the biggest factor on echo fox
Fox's
yeah and that's that's the context
you're kind of getting from that as well
as his team kind of buying that in as
well so yeah honey for me obviously we
said smoothie at the top of the day and
it was more of like a he's had a great
split thus far but I don't think
smoothie will be able to win it unless
he keeps up his like insane level of
roaming and stuff and he's been having a
harder time now that people are focusing
him more it feels like yeah bill you
said you wanted to talk a little bit
broader about MVP well yeah like when
you look at cloud 9 right I think it's a
fair statement to say that like Jenson
is probably the best player on that team
but I think that in a lot of their wins
and what was making Smoothie such a
contender for MVP was cuz he was the
most valuable he was having the most
impact but I think like gents it's
probably the best player similar to echo
fox like i think who needs the best
player on that team but like he's also
had some games this split where he kind
of entered or got camped really hard
didn't have a lot of impact I feel like
Doc has been really valuable and I
remember mark said something a long time
ago about doc it was something like
every two good plays he'll have a bad
play or something of that nature and I
feel like that's really been like tone
down a lot I feel like he hasn't had
those like kill himself moments mm-hmm I
don't know I feel like I feel like
people are a little reserved to give him
a lot of credit because of his history
and the toxicity thing and he's a great
player how did I feel like he should
definitely be in the conversation yeah I
think he is for a lot of people and he
was jackknives first team jungler when
we work on during our midseason Awards
like we both had him up there so I think
people are willing to give him his due
it's just like within the broader
context of how echo fox functions that
you like it's it's hooning who like
makes that team who they are he is like
the identity that they all key off of
from what I can tell and I think I think
MVP for me is not about best player
necessarily in the league I think it's
always kind of been a more content like
I I think and this is something that's
even contested amongst even people
voting is like no it's strictly best
player and I would say it's best
performance like in the context of the
league so like for smoothy and why a lot
of people valued him so highly was
because it was how many supports could
done what smoothy did in the first you
know four weeks to the split and the
answer was zero and he was winning his
team games and being a monster and like
winning Lane and all this stuff so
that's why people were kind of like
smoothy MVP because in that context it
matters but I think the same thing kind
of goes for who you like who can who can
be that transformative of a player Bill
yeah I'm sorry to let you go but I just
got word that Vincent is ready to go so
I really appreciate the call it's good a
good chat and I like the idea of sort of
starting to think about the MVP stuff
right now yes
all right so Vincent Wang has landed the
wing has landed I'm gonna switch to a
different panel really quickly while we
get him added in to the show mark I
think he's joining a discord right now
so we did it all right
so Vincent let's small talk a little bit
how are you doing I'm good
sorry about the technical issues that
took a while actually no it's okay it's
okay
well edit will edit this part down for
the vaad and I think the twitch chat
they are they understand what they're
getting whenever they show up on to the
show either way yeah so you guys had a
tough weekend how you how you recovering
I mean yeah it sucked a lot that we went
0 and 2 I think everyone's really bummed
out about it just because the games are
super close and any like small change
that we could have made in game could
have close to winning yeah yeah and
we're like no so it's it's pretty awful
yeah I was talking to a from yesterday
and did the interview after that game
mark and others I think really
identified that game as being a clown
fiesta and that's he overused a cliche
term aphromoo I think did not think it
was a clown fiesta he was sort of like
yeah I mean that's what happens like we
had this OP we the only thing we could
really do in the middle of that that
game was team fight so that's why I saw
so many team fights I'm curious about
your take on it
I think to the viewer it just looks like
work group
we're actually here IMing running it
down but at least for us it was like mid
game where Baron was up and we wanted to
get mid control so we go admit and then
100 thieves are probably thinking the
same thing and we're just like facing
off every wave we're like we're looking
for an engaged they're looking for an
engage and we just go again again with
these teamfights and when I go to like
later game where elder and Baron are
both up it's the same thing so I can see
why people think it's like a fiesta but
there's an objective behind it all and
Mark it's not like completely random
because did you see the clip of mark
literally sing like doing a clown fiesta
noise during the Baron fight no I didn't
see I actually didn't see that until I
saw a post cuz I didn't see that that's
what happened in game I just knew that
okay okay well I feel like people got
like in the reddit thread at least
everyone takes a fight it's like that's
just a Miss click like I'm trying to run
away after hopping the wall and there's
a blast cone there which is like more
understandable to me that's like some of
the other stuff that happened necking
where I was like come on yeah yeah I'm
excited to finally have you to on a show
because last year I did a show called
League Weekly and the beef between you
guys was extreme
mark just called out by o frost champion
pool constantly bio Frost has strong
heated words in response to mark now
mark is like bio frost games are just a
clown fiesta Vincent's like yo there's
an objective to this
I've excited for the heated madness
that's gonna come out between the two of
you the most the most fabricated rivalry
I don't know if you call it feud in
eSports maybe the best part was when
people actually blue and red it was like
mark really needs to lay off of this you
know one time on glt where I was like
Empire playing a bunch of I remember
what it was I think you're playing a
bunch of safe range supports like yeah I
was playing Nami I believe in Lulu oh
yeah yeah that's right
yeah that was that was the one time I
brought it up Travis just brought it up
like six more times that people thought
I was still bringing it I was like no
help
worked out really well worked out really
well well why don't we take some calls
I don't know mark if you've queued up
anyone yet for for talking of instant
but well let me do the general plug I
have one guy ready to go yeah you should
explain how this works cuz I know we
didn't have a chance to before I guess
maybe we should have that when we were
waiting for yeah I mean the problems
going on yeah so the way this works
people who have not been on the show
before is we have a discord that we have
everyone join and then you can go in
there I'll put in twitch chat right now
so what you do is you go join the twitch
or the discord there's a text general
and voice general so join both of those
and then in the general text channel you
just want to type out your take don't
ask me questions I mean I guess what
vaio frost here can be a little bit more
question driven but generally speaking
we like people to have their own
opinions because we want to hear what
the fans are thinking so go ahead and
post in there if I find your take
interesting I'll put you in the waiting
room and then at some point I'll hop in
there make sure your mic works and then
have you for the show yep and see this
every time but we do have a sub room so
sometimes by the way when you said it
takes a little bit for discord to sink
it though I know that the moms try and
do that so if you are sub feel free to
put your question the sub check because
we tend to try to pull a couple people
from there every week so without further
ado mark is gonna line up our first
guest but really really quickly Thank
You scorp Hades for resetting says three
years and no doublelift I don't know
what that means double if says he'll
come on the show by the way whenever we
have more viewers so if you guys want
doublelift on the show is too small for
him thank you to Vincent for not being
uh well I pulled three people in the
fifty minutes that we had and two of
them appear to be dead okay well it's
not responding well I do this wall keep
stalling for time as we've been doing so
much of this show yeah
the most technical difficult episode
we've done today
decent ADC resub zan says love you with
a kissy face thank you thank you
tastes of a DC bramble vest has subbed
and rush on the bench forever has recept
thank you so much name oh yeah how
Tamaki says that his mic is dead gets
somebody else he said that twitchchat
don't know what happened here's somebody
I think okay I'm excited
looks like we're gonna have and just a
moment doctor lemon-lime joining us he's
gonna save the show guys dr. Living lime
where you calling from Indiana Indiana
alright you are on the line with mark
myself and Vincent Wang what do you want
to talk about alright so the first part
I have to lay it out Vincent I'm not
trying to flame you you're my favorite
this is your his first call of the show
I'd you're starting off like this I do
hold on no I'm not I'm not blaming you
mark I'm flaming doctor living line well
you know we just got pizza tonic Avista
this was a good idea and and you start
off the first question with you or not
you're not right now go ahead I think
Vincent's still one of the best supports
in na but I think by far smoothie is the
best support and probably in my opinion
right now he's the most valuable player
in all of the NA LCS okay so lay it out
all right so it could also be because c9
is playing so well and because sneaky is
so good at staying off on an island by
himself but being one he's an na
resident you know you don't have to
worry about taking up an import slot
like some players like LA but he's also
incredibly good at roaming he's a great
shot caller and he also is playing
autostar and alice dark seems to be
broken right now but so maybe that adds
to it but I do think he's just extremely
good at looking for roams actually shot
calling around objectives and really
controlling the game pretty well all
right mark do you first off do you think
it's fair to say and did you just wake
up the expression
I'm I was deep in the in the general
text chat trying to find more people
well hopefully you heard what dr.
lemon-lime said I am an incredible
multi-talented the smoothie for MVP also
one thing that the doctor dr. lemon-lime
said was that he doesn't take him to
import slots so first off would you just
out of curiosity would you ever factor
that into your your decision-making cuz
I probably wouldn't but there's a value
proposition there right yeah I was
blessed for like MVP but more for like
value ability with teams I think I think
you mean to an extent that can factor
into MVP voting like I have you Valley
like the MVP award with like a heavy
emphasis on the word value and the way I
talk about is like value does not exist
intrinsically it exists in an
environment and so you can only derive
something's value by the thing it is
like the environment that it's in so in
that sense import rules are a thing
domestic players who are really good are
important and I don't want to put more
like importance on that than their
actual skill or anything but it's just
another factor that I actually do think
is worth taking into account as for
smoothie as support the reason it
doesn't matter for him is because
there's only a single import support and
that's Olay so I don't think he's
actually competing against anyone for
his job against imports the way you see
frequently with top and mid yeah all
right Vincent your turn is smoothie the
best support and LCS right now and is he
deserving of MVP he's my idol smoothie
he's really good at like as he said
roaming and he's really of a consistent
player and I think it's just really
magnify know the like everyone starts to
see it because scene is at the top and
everyone's like holy shit this guy's
really really good and he's definitely
been having like really good
performances even though like he goes
behind a lot of games where recently we
saw with him going 0-3 initially in the
early game is tarek and then he kind of
bounces back with his team he like
usually c9 whenever they go behind in
early game you don't like say okay they
lost they always have a chance to come
back with
they're team fighting and I think big
part of that is because of how well
smoothy does team fight and how well he
I guess he coordinates with his team to
take control so in that sense I think
he's really consistent and has a lot of
value for the shotcalling he's probably
one of the few supports that has a huge
impact on his team other than like AB
for MU and I think most of the other
supports did not really like shock
collars like I'm not I'm not one and
then I think Olli isn't that one either
and for the most part I think smoothie
he like directs a lot of the teamfights
that he like even in mic checks you can
hear him like talking a lot so I think
because of like those factors you can
definitely consider him for MVP and
honestly I wouldn't really see anyone
else running for the spot right now
because no one else's in my opinion been
as consistent and has been having as
many good performances okay this is cool
that you you mentioned that Finn's not
because but while we were waiting for
you we were talking about how we feel
like Cooney is a clear person for MVP
and you're saying there's it's
uncontested at smoothie that there's no
like even hooni order Doc's should not
even be considered it's exclusively
smoothie right now Oh Cooney right yeah
just seems like any team that hooni gets
on they just instantly go to first and
regular split he's like he has this
insane score or something and he just
does really well with his fringe picks
like he picked Yasuo like who's doing
this other than who knee like if you
take that name plates off people
probably guess okay it's probably Cooney
that's playing yeah so talkies player
playing Lucian and it's not like Cassio
or whatever and he has so many of these
weird pigs and that just makes him more
entertaining to watch and it feels
really good when it works so I think in
that sense like because he has so much
value and like I'm
statistics just show like whatever team
he just immediately goes to first but
yeah I think it would be between him and
[Music]
smoothie because at least four in the
case of doc I think Unni has been the
one that has been consistently getting
leads and he usually does really well
and doesn't throw yeah mm-hmm very good
doctor live in Lima thank you so much
for calling in it's good top thank you
yeah
gonna grab our next caller in a second I
know I know
an arrow is on voice chat we will we'll
pull him into the waiting room and Walt
will get him out in just a little bit
but we do I do want to get you know some
questions from the caller so what it's
important to do that an arrow is in the
voice chat by the way mark if you want
to him on the way laugh a little bird in
this caller then hey Bert very sorry we
wrap it up some business where are you
calling from
oh my dad the New England region all
right you know what stage is too close
to this class you don't have to tell us
it's okay New England region works yeah
what do you want to talk about so I
wanted to ask like Firefox not everyone
here like the general state of na
comparatively to like c9s level I think
I'm gonna like more so focus on c9 so
I'm like a pretty frequent watcher of
the LCS right now
I like mace a day every other week or
something but I pretty much watch every
important game and I think the general
consensus is that xenon is playing like
pretty clean they have a lot of
advantages other teams don't have right
now
I think that's like predicated from
their flexibility like they're maybe
they're coaching like I don't know their
background so like hmm I don't know it
almost feels like I'm watching like
wildcard regions when I see like seems
like play against e9 right now because I
feel like they can get ahead earlier
whatever A+ you know I'm gonna shut them
down later what about when echo fox
please c9 i'm talking about that
I'll go Fox's other like team that I
think right now I'm just focusing I'm c9
because I think like I don't know it
feels like their decision-making is
pretty good and like the way they play
around the map their productivity their
punishes it's like a level up from the
other teams besides echo fox is - okay
it's just that I think I go Fox can be
like a bit like more random and
excluding the last game right think c9
played pretty poorly to the draft but
that's like because our duck I think
like Kemp a lot of liquor is but I mean
I mean I might be jumping the gun go and
I'm probably am because the team's
probably haven't meshed all that well
and I'm just like focusing on what's
like been presented so far okay so your
your point is cloud 9 has next level
sort of shotcalling and ability to
control the game well yeah there's
there's two parts to this rate cuz
there's like the c9 vs echo fox debate I
guess and there's also the rest of the
league which you were saying looks like
a wild card region
I guess I've Drive I want to hear bio
frost take on yeah well across when you
play against c9 do you suddenly become a
wild card team let's just keep talking
about how good c9 is Vincent well in
terms of like soon I think they're very
consistent in their gameplay and I
wouldn't so off to say like everyone
turns into wild cards when they play
against them aside from I guess the TSM
game but yeah they have like a couple
games where they look really really
dominant and in that sense they look
more consistent than echo fox where echo
fox they usually garner like really
early leads and sometimes they thrill
like I remember when they played against
optic they had like a oopsie where they
like threw a couple of fights and
they're like okay now let's group up
guys it's like it's like one of those
silly key moments we're like guys we
might actually lose this game we're
starting to troll we need to kind of try
Hart now and you kind of saw that in
echo fox game sometimes
so I can see where you're like pointing
with that but I don't think c9 does
anything too special they have really
strongly interest but they're just very
consistent and make very few mistakes
and in general a lot of teams are making
like many many small mistakes and that
kind of piles up so people just notice
them like c9 notices them and they're
good at punishing so they're probably
the team that makes the fewest mistakes
there's like I don't know it just looks
like their decision-making is like a lot
better than the other teams probably
just because other things haven't meshed
well yeah yeah I mean I think at least
for the spring split most of the teams
like the rosters are significantly
different I mean even c9 as well so it's
gonna take some teams longer than others
to kind of mesh and Cena is probably at
like the front of that along with echo
fox like hooth who thought that echo fox
would actually be first when going into
the split and then CLG we're at 8th
place so it's definitely not gone as
what people expected it to and a lot of
people would claim that they predicted
this in twitch chat they always they
always knew it there's one guy who
called in and you it actually though
yeah well there's also another person
who called in and said that c9 wouldn't
make top six live either split I think
right
no that was yes he said TSM wouldn't
make a fuck yes don't know there were
two because I clipped him they were both
the same week one was c9 won't make
playoffs once and he almost TS and we'll
make finals so thank you so much for for
calling in our mark do you have a final
thought no that's it
yeah thanks bro thank you have a good
one are you want to grab one more and
then we'll grab an arrow after that
since right do an arrow now cuz we're
kind of on echo fox / c9 anyways yeah I
think this would be a good time to me to
get him for that yeah
Vincent's you know narrow he's the coach
for echo fox oh okay yeah yeah that's
the team that has honey on it
hooni is the player that oh really I
didn't know that yeah still nice to get
to you yeah yeah no no he's over here
he's on he's on the team an arrows
during the show an arrow where are you
calling from
calling from Beverly Hills okay now we
know triangulating that X yeah
exhalation oh well so we brought you on
the show I don't think you probably had
you you probably don't have anything you
wanted to talk about but mark you have
some things you want to talk to Niro
about and maybe Vincent can chime in
here we can get an interesting four
person conversation going yeah I have
two questions one is the the hooni thing
that we were kind of talking about is
like as someone who's now working with
him and all this stuff how much of that
like hooni hype is like yeah who needs a
god and like a probably the definitive
de-facto reason that were number one and
is that on is that correct at all I mean
I'm not gonna say he's like that the
fact the reason we're number one but he
he hopes so much with everyone he
actually just kind of like pulls all the
guys together as soon as he came in
because at first we were like screaming
early January with the lorem you could
just kind of tell as soon as he came in
that the atmosphere kind of changed like
the guys just all had instant respect
for that guy and everything he wanted to
do everyone's like yeah I trust that I'm
on board so when we're in game like you
see the guys obviously they'll do this
like random shit we're just like three
people go in and kill themselves mid
game and we lose like all this gold and
it's because they trust like everything
with that and who needs been a big part
of that like trust thing building so I
mean I think he's pretty impactful you
know yeah so it sounds like he's a
pretty vocal part of the team then he
doesn't just play top lane really well
he also would you I mean like the term
shock collar at this point is a bit of a
joke but is he one of the major voices
and decision-making yeah I usually say
like in-game leader pretty much him and
Josh are definitely - yeah and gaming
leaders pretty much they say they just
keep everyone in line with what the plan
is and what they want to do with the
game alright and then the other thing
which hopefully is the bigger discussion
is a lot of people despite you guys
being the number one team kind of are
like hesitant to give you all the praise
because they see these mid game throws
even in that most recent c9 game like
you guys lost Baron wants do you feel
like that's just part of the double
edged sword that you have to take when
you have such aggressive players or is
it like no we need to clean this up and
we'll be screwed if we don't know we
need to clean it up it's pretty shit
like I'm usually pretty pissed when I
watch it and it happens like we just sit
in the room we're like okay well same
thing happened again it's pretty
bullshit that this showed up I hate it
it doesn't have to be there it's just
they get to a certain point in game and
you can kind of tell that focus slips up
a little bit and they just kind of kind
of show with it like it happened to CLG
like fuck Vince and shit on us like this
whole team screwed us over yeah the one
wing scuse me that you guys man yeah but
we can we can lose any game if we do
that like especially with the way the
meta is right now it just takes like one
teamfight lost like 30 plus minutes and
you can lose the game no matter how much
gold you have so I don't want that to be
a thing it's pretty bad Vincent I have
no idea if you have any interesting
questions for an era or anything about
echo fox that you've always wondered
about that you could you could ask him
here and he could probably dodge because
he doesn't want you to know the answer
but I'm just kind of curious if you have
because I'm sorry one of my favorite
things about LCS is when you get to see
people from different teams like just
randomly chatting about the gamers or
thoughts so I'm curious well how's the
house cuz you live in Beverly Hills
right so I'm actually generally curious
how nice the house is I mean the house
would use that I was pretty sick we had
two of them actually two of them yeah
they got they got rid of one and then
got apartments for the rest of the guys
so I'm not even in the house right now
I'm just in my own apartment I like the
staff apartment pretty much Vince it is
either asking I thought it was gonna go
with house the house cuz I might be
looking for a place to live it or
I thought he might be like he's using
this as leverage with CLG where he's
gonna be like echo fox has two houses
why do we only have one I'm making it's
just a difference between a first-place
team and I don't even know like why we
need these houses but we got him I guess
I came from tainted mines then I lived
in a strip mall the top floor was strip
mall that's wait didn't you guys both
weren't you both on Dream Team but not
at the same time maybe I joined like
right after Vincent left so I was there
with Kody and Papa Joe okay yeah we both
got that experience he just got out in
time I have a question about Xbox so
when you guys play like like when you
know we see like who do you pick like
yeah so we see em pick like these really
fringe pigs is it whatever he wants to
play you guys like go for it we usually
like talked about it before the week
even starts like I have like a specific
day pretty much just like all right if
you got some new pick tell me it now I'm
not gonna have this thing we're like all
right day before the match we're ready
to play random champ like I don't want
to have that happen because I'm sure
you've been in situation that happened
like screams were some guys just like oh
hey I think this champs really good I
want to play this and it just fucks
everything up right help with champions
start of the week and he's like I think
this is good and we'll try it and we're
like all right well I guess honey can
just play everything then whatever and
yeah it usually works but it's usually
super far ahead of time we prepare like
Yasuo this weekend we prepared it
actually for cloud 9 and there was just
a scenario where we could do it against
hundred thieves really yeah fuck it
we'll do it here it fits so I have a
little bit of a question about c9 and
for both you like licorice this is an
episode what we've just talked about
food I know I'm just teasing sorry this
is more about licorice I guess we're
like he's coming as a rookie and I think
a lot of people were surprised with
house you know I'd integrated him where
he gets counter pick like every single
game and he plays carries and then they
send a lot of resources in game to him
generally like that's how it feels to me
watching uh how does that like how does
that make like your opinion of him
change cuz that for me it makes me hard
to place exactly how good he is cuz it
feels like he gets more help than a lot
of tops in the league but he's also so
executing with it so I don't know what
your guys opinion of licorice is I think
he's insanely good I'm just glad he's
got the confidence to do that like you
know a lot of guys are gonna come in and
they're just gonna be kind of like
scared to really pull that out initially
like they want to get their feet wet
first and kind of test the grounds play
a little Malakai every now and then yeah
see if they can pull it out he just
doesn't care he's ready to do it like
I'm actually so glad he did the aleutian
and the honey thing not just because
like we won because of that but it's
just really good to just even try that
and do it like it's really cool as fuck
that he wanted to do it because I felt
like they received a lot of flame for
doing that like people thought it was
disrespectful or something but that's so
that's so fucked up for them dude like
it's not the Helou Shamar was like the
really good part of the draft like it
wasn't even bad they could have actually
done something with that and one like
volution didn't ruin the game for them
at all if anything like it actually
saved their draft like being able to
play Lucian and GPS so nice for drafting
actually yeah Vincent I guess mark your
question was also about licorice so
maybe Vincent can handle it too
[Music]
he's a rookie and I think I was a rookie
when you join like a team like a top
team like c9 there's a lot of pressure
on you to perform so it's really nice to
see that licorice is playing pretty well
I think his team does like setup a lot
from where you try to get him what he's
comfortable on like a pick that he feels
good about and if you're like constantly
playing or just like the better the team
where you have picks that might not be
the best for laying and then you're just
like suffering win and then people
aren't really playing around you they're
playing around balling or at mid lane
then it can be really quick it can be
like a situation where licorice is just
a lone top and I
that wouldn't be good because as a
rookie I think it's really important for
your team to like reassure you if you're
doing the right things so in that sense
I think c9 is doing a really good job
about that and I think the atmosphere
that they have also helps because if you
have a good learning atmosphere then
even if you make mistakes on stage like
this weekend we're liquorish to have the
best showing on Lucian I'm sure that c9
may be like don't worry man it's fine
you just got hard Cavs is you'll have
like a better shot next time yeah yeah
it's interesting it just seemed like c9
just has a really good really good
culture well mark do you have anything
else for a Nero or should we I mean in
the future we were talking this past
weekend about how he's down to come on a
hotline League in the future but they
can't I was kind of yeah yeah I was just
chilling in the chat I was hanging out
I'm always here yeah okay
all right I guess sure yeah
mark you got anything else for him I
mean I'm always down to pick people's
brain before to take the show for the
respective bio Frost Thank You Annie
right yeah no worries sorry to randomly
get thrown no no no we were I think it
was fun to have you on especially as
we're talking about echo fox made sense
yeah thanks to it I'll see you guys see
ya all right so while we're grabbing the
next caller Vincent I'm kind of curious
I'll selfishly take this time to ask
about my favorite topic which is
doublelift what what do you think of him
and Olli and their current situation on
the team and how they're doing um well I
I can't talk any shit because but they
just lost against golden Guardians yeah
and so that gives you a little bit of
ability to talk shit yeah I have a
little bit of leverage here you know go
Guardians they weren't doing that hot
and now they kind of like been on the
rise and I'm not sure if that's because
they're playing a lot better or if Team
Liquid is playing worse
I think Team Liquid they have like a
bunch of comfort pics
and Peter he literally plays drisana
every game unless it's bad
he loves that champion it's his
favourite champ he even had like a crown
moment in one of the team fights
I remember watching him live where he
just like rocket jumped in and instantly
died and people blame him off for it but
I saw what he was looking for he was
looking for the quick kill and running
out but I think people are really quick
to hate on teams that just have like a
bad showing because they only see one
game and if you play bad in that one
game they're like okay this team is
doomed and if it gives like a little bit
of perspective TSM last split we we were
horrible we're in the sense that we went
to like three games almost every set and
even in like 2017 spring where we had
turtle we also went to like three games
and we're like we're like losing every
first game and if that was best of ones
you'd be like wow TSM is really bad well
we still ended up fifteen and three so
in that sense I think this the ones
makes it really skewed so people are
like yeah Team Liquid is doomed they're
playing super poorly and they don't have
any idea how to draft or whatever and I
think that's just a little bit extreme
yeah cool I just wanted to squeeze that
in there well we were waiting for this
color but it looks like krenov MK is
here both a sub and a frequent caller I
think you've been on the show at least
once before right chrono yeah I was the
second episode yeah well welcome back
where you calling from Madison Wisconsin
Madison Wisconsin well what do you want
to talk about on the show all right so
main topic I wanted to talk about was I
haven't seen this in a while but back in
like season 5 Thorin and Monti when
they're doing the Simon insight and
stuff they kind of frequently did the
all na LCS like best roster of all time
and you know being them they would argue
and argue argue and so I haven't seen
one done in quite a while
so I was kind of interested in what you
guys thought and also I the main thing I
wanted to talk about is not just
figuring out what who is best but also
I want to say that the Yerkes and would
not make any all na LCS roster for one
important reason and that's because um
so na for whatever reason has the other
lanes top and bottom and even jungle to
an extent have always been super
resource intensive so top lane would
probably be best top laner of all time
who knee you would probably say be
there's a couple other people
doublelift or who knee season six
probably double if season two would
probably be the best ad in North America
of all time and for all those people
they're super resource intensive which
when Pearson is so resource intensive
himself in mid lane
you can't like we've seen people try to
make these super teams where they have
three people who need a bunch of farm on
team and so that's why I think instead
of years and some another mid laner
would be the best for that position well
why can't you have it seems like you're
you're just deciding you can have
resource intensive people in other lanes
but bjergsen isn't allowed to be the
resource intensive person of the mid
lane I feel I feel like you're like I
don't want bjergsen on this list of thus
I have crafted a reason why he can't be
on bio for us is Pearson as resource
intensive is this guy claims or is it
that he would never be able to work in a
team with resource of intensive side
leaners I think people have like this
really skewed perspective of where they
think that he needs a lot of resources
he plays Lane really consistently he
rarely makes mistakes and because of
that he usually like gets advantages of
his own and because of that he has a lot
of options in his lanes like he can look
for like a gank he can if you play
around him then he can go by he can go
top and he opens up a lot of options and
he was he's also an in-game leader and
out-of-game is well so he definitely has
a lot of impact and you can play around
him or not play around him and doesn't
really matter it's just that people see
like the effect of playing around him
and they're like he's very consistent he
makes few mistakes when you get him
ahead and that's because that's why like
you were like oh let's play around very
soon but he doesn't need resources to do
well he's very good in laying like I was
just you know 1v1 so just to put it out
there like if it if it isn't jerks and
like who would you guys are sorry it
let's include bjergsen as well who would
be the mid laners that you would
personally put as the best north
american mid of all time like he could
choose from anyone who has played in
North America I mean I I think you
picked bjergsen okay because I mean it's
hard because he's been I think a lot of
people have considered he's been in the
NA LCS for so long and to go I think
most of the time people consider that
he's been the best mid laner during that
time so you have to go back like ancient
history and be like his big fat GG
better than bjergsen is Reginald in his
prime when he's getting Penta kills on
Gragas like better than Pearson yeah I
think it's okay there we go here we go
so bio frost is Reggie's better than
bjergsen in his prime
Reggie could take them and he's a good
and easy god okay there you go
Oh Reggie step back just since we're on
the topic of Reggie rain but you're
going this is something you very clearly
wanted to rig up we are not on this
topic at all you just waited till I say
stop you stop at the scene you take a
picture get back in the car one-word
answer okay alright so yeah I mean I
think vericsson best mid laner North
American history
I don't know biomark do you disagree
with me I mean I guess it kind of
depends on what the question actually is
cuz if you're talking about the best
North American League of Legends history
for mid laners like yeah it's pearson
hands-down side and close you're talking
about like if you took someone at a
snapshot of their best season and could
put them on a team and because I know on
your thing that you posted in the chat
you listed
hi in season four yeah and like relative
to his skill then he actually went toe
to toe with lyrics and generally still
honestly and a little bit more but had a
bigger impact on the map and that's when
c9 and TSN we're like the two clearest
teams and so I think you can for it if
you're crafting some hypothetical super
team of the best players from history I
could see a world where you put high
over B Eriksen but I don't I would never
claim that high like career is better
than I suppose I should clarify my
question then so if you could make a
team from any player at their absolute
peak their best and it was a player
that's not necessarily from and they all
they have to do is play in na at any
point what five people would he pick and
I think my list just to give a reference
for the chat was Kuni season six
reignover season six high early season
four doublelift from season two and then
I think the support is definitely up for
grabs anybody could talk about that
support so I always thought like what
are your guys thoughts on who you would
pick and is there anything crazy about
that list you think double is best here
was season two um to be honest that
season two in season three kind of mix
up for me for doublelift it's been a
while for that I think he had his best
time on best fears on on TSM but maybe
that was because he was getting carried
by bio frost oh no that's hard to say I
think in season GG was better compared
to the rest of na anyone else yeah I
don't know I think everyone was bad and
season two
alright so I won't answer this question
because I'd it's gonna take a little bit
long to go through it but marker bio
which one do you want to go through
first is this like a give me like an
hour to think about it yeah I don't know
how you want me to come up with will you
drag them in well I thought never mind
it's one of those things where you see
something post in you're like sure okay
just pick a pick to pick to in any Lane
well since we don't have too much time
for how about I just know to two players
yeah two players for a best-of
all time team best of all time in what
season ah I think rain over in season
six regular season he was insane I think
those season six or was assumed five
first as they stop calling them season
and I'm really started going what year
do you remember that was the Immortals
one it was it was 2016 spring I believe
okay yeah and then it was also I think
maybe season six summer doublelift okay
that's also the same is that his first
year on TSM yeah after they kicked
yellow star bio frost came in and save
their bio Francis wants to go back to
the old days the beginning of it all no
I'm just saying that Peters Lucien was
pretty clean because that meta where
Lucien was like really good it was just
very yeah very good for him
pocket pick Aaron were the pocket picked
mean yeah thank you front over called it
oh thanks guys for having everyone all
right who else do we got next
while we're waiting for that shout out
to ramble vest rush on the bench forever
I call discuss so prosy real foxy who
gifted a sub to Nick Allen Brandon
Brandon Brandon a lien Ventus official
and real foxy gifted us up to stick say
who is maybe watching right now it looks
like we've got our next caller on
Davidson a repeat caller I know you've
been on a previous show how is it going
it's going good
where are you calling from again Sweden
Sweden oh I remember you you're the one
that said that you thought you should be
the farm system for na yeah okay alright
I'm excited
what do you got for us this time okay so
I'm really interested in that team
communication maybe
be a bit boring for some but I want to
know how Authority and a meaner of
person and impact the communication
in-game and Jana yeah
sorry so sorry the authority of someone
can impact the communication and yeah
you know the personality okay so I can
give you some examples yeah aphromoo
when you heard him shop calling in the
parent pit it was really quiet it was he
didn't raise his voice he was calm so
how does that impact team versus a
support or jungler that screams that
panics a bit okay so in in game how the
style of communication how does the
impact so so actually this is a this is
an interesting conversation I've never
really thought about this so Vincent in
team comms that you're probably the best
person to talk about this you've got
obviously like sometimes you listen to
comms from a mic check or something and
you just got all five people screaming
their minds off and saying all sorts of
stuff and then other times you've got
like just a given this person this
person this person
alright this person this person alright
finished baron okay
we went go go go you know so what what
is there a difference is there a better
is there is there such a thing as like
too much column chatter like talk to us
a little bit about comms well I was just
talking about I'll just talk about team
fights because as I guess what you seem
the most curious about but at least in
like team fights you sometimes see those
like Korean mic checks where they're
like like channel like just Lulu that
you can hear for a minute you're like
why is this necessary but I think the
difference between that and just having
one person saying Lulu or super it's
just I guess there's a sort of hype that
you get when everyone's like screaming
and at the same time other people don't
really do well in that scenario where
they're like I need some quiet I need to
think about what people are actually
saying instead of
this chain of just nonsense so in that
sense like it can affect different
people in different ways and it just
depends on what the team agrees is the
best communication personally I think
that having someone or like a couple
people just say cooldowns like oh I'm
going in five seconds I'm gonna I'm
gonna have Alistar rwq I'm gonna go into
three two one
I think that's a lot better than just
screaming out like a bunch of people
screaming out like stuff they're
unnecessary but it's different for every
team and personally I find it really I
hear Mike checks and is just people
screaming their asses off about one
target for like 30 seconds if you have a
team of players who don't seem to mind
the screaming do you think it's like
intrinsically bad like inherently bad
because like like you mentioned like a
Samsung Galaxy or yeah when they won
worlds there's like this clip of ruler
literally like shrieking at that highest
pitch you can imagine like as they were
winning one of their fights and it was
like that can't be good for
communication this is the best team in
the world
you know like does it does it not matter
if the players don't mind it I think
optimally you would want just very clear
comms but I think the situation can also
affect how your comms work because I
know that when I play in like na LCS
compared to when I'm playing at Worlds
the overall tone of my voice completely
changes where there's more on the line
and I'm more I guess stressed so I can
see how maybe ruler usually communicates
pretty like not like that and then it's
only you know the final is it like holy
shit this is it this is our chance to
win when they like they lost last year
by just like one game when everything is
on the line like that you can just go
full full crazy and yeah screaming wins
fights I guess yeah how are like there
wasn't it maybe this is a good time to
talk about this I don't think we ever
did so Andy and he was very nervous
about the way he said this in the
interview he asked me about afterwards
he alleged that you and spend
really talk that much at worlds and that
was one of the reasons why there was a
departure from TSM and so while we're on
team coms maybe this is a good thing to
talk about do you agree with that
assessment do you think like was it just
different at Worlds because it was
interesting that you mentioned that
changes from LCS to Worlds at least for
me I don't communicate that much in team
fights unless I'm playing like a negate
champion or like I just say you know
Sheldon 5 if I'm Lulu or whatever
happens I'm not that commanding so in
mic checks it's like okay for us does he
actually talk but like I talk in other
aspects of the game so I think by the
time around worlds Dennis and I have the
roles that we were given
I guess when Andy means that we didn't
talk that much he would just see it as
we weren't like shot-callers like we
were giving a lot of information but we
weren't really directing the pace of the
game which you would see with a lot of
junglers in the early game or supports
because we definitely did talk we
weren't like mute but we were just
giving out a lot of information and we
weren't really directing the flow of the
game and what Andy wanted was someone
that would shall call for the team where
he'd be like okay this is an information
that we got and this is what we need to
do in this scenario I want you guys to
push out ball come give vision with me
and I want pink urine hearing here
whereas we're more like giving just info
gotcha so speaking of jungle
communication how do you think it's the
most important role to have a good
communicator on yeah I think it's super
important to have someone really vocal
in the general because at least early
game it's all decided by the jungler
like where you want to go like what
camps what you want what's your path and
how you want to cover your lands and
where the enemy jungler is try to track
them and in that sense you control the
game like wherever you go that's where
the play is gonna happen and
for the most part like the jungler is
just the sole controller the early game
so having someone that's really vocal
can in the jungle role will help you a
lot yeah so do you think that's one of
the reasons that the echo fox won
against the c9 in that illusion top
again because Spence Garen just after
like seven minutes
yes left top side and get award and
didn't have any process there maybe up
seven minutes but after like 11 minutes
or something yeah I think having a good
coordination at least for vision and
setting up ganks is really important and
doc does a really good job I like
looking for he's really good he's really
good ganking gentler he always finds
these timings where it's like well I
can't believe I ganked here and he's
good at like gaining leads and I'm sure
that him and Cooney like probably set
the lane up where it's hard for
liquorice to play out his lane without
getting ganked and it's probably really
difficult in a setting where if you have
really good communication with your
leaners it can feel almost impossible
for the other team if they don't have
good communication with their jungler
well good Davidson yeah thank you so
much for calling it and really
appreciate it I know it's a crazy early
time for you yeah my voice is a bit
rusty yeah no it's good there's a good
topic thank you yeah cool grandpa can I
grab another person in just a second
Vincent I want to ask you something so
before the start of the split I did an
interview with you and I asked you like
okay what's you know you play you have
to go up against TSM what's it gonna be
like what's your relationship with these
guys and you were very difficult like a
very polite Eli I'm gonna feel I just
joined I'm gonna meet you for a second
because I'm just talking against a mess
I know but we'll get you in a second
you were very polite and and all that
but I feel like there's this really
weird thing that's happening with the
players that left TSM so Peter obviously
talked
a lot about how he wanted to beat them
and then eventually was like people
didn't stop talking about this but spend
today like my my interview at the top of
separate it's like I I know how TSM is
when they lose and he was talking to
part about this efforts because part
came by I was teasing him that spinet
said this I know how TSM is when they
they lose and I wanted to make them feel
that way and in part was like yeah
that's everybody just gets quiet in the
room and there's just silence sitting
he's like it's exactly how it goes and
then I won't ask you about your personal
relationship with any particular player
but I will mention that and the
interview with Holly Hunter said like
I'm on good terms with Vincent but I
don't think he likes me or anything like
that so it was just interesting like and
and they like in the the segment
beforehand before you guys played I
think bjergsen said something like I
know all of his weaknesses I don't think
he's you know he's got a lot of problems
and I'm gonna you know use them or
whatever I know those are a little plate
up but general question is like it feels
as though the players that left TSM
there's like a weird vibe about all this
stuff this is how I feel I'm curious you
know however much you want to talk about
this like how are things with you and
these guys and you do you wish you would
beat them not just because the
competitiveness but also just because I
don't know you didn't get you're not you
don't have the revenge checkbox pot
filled yet like spendin was it was the
fuck you to hauntzer
know is actually like you if you will
just think that way out ahead where when
even though when I was on the team Kevin
would always do these like super cool
things and I always be like fuck E dude
so I was just giving a typical answer
and I knew he was streaming and I was
all trading so he sent me this like
really long and heart felt like message
and I know that's not Kevin I know he's
trilling so I just told him to fuck off
so that's it's like I'm on good terms
with TSM at least I hope I am still love
for Dennis I think I'm not sure if he's
just I think he's probably just upset
about how whenever like we
didn't perform all worlds like everyone
on reddit was like super quick to jump
the gun and go like yeah Dennis he's the
reason why I blah blah blah blah and
then people are getting really mad about
that and at least for TSM when we do
lose it feels really bad because there's
an expectation to win and the room is
silence as Parfitt describe where it's
like Jesus Christ guys we lost and it
seems like the world is ending or
someone had just died on the rift but
yeah just I think in that sense like it
makes Dennis happy that he won against
TSM but I'm sure like I'm pretty sure
that he's soul good friends with them
it's just that there's a competitive
drive to kind of beat the team that
ended up replacing you and I think a lot
of the players on TSM thought that they
were gonna try like another year where
even though they like messed up like two
times that they're still gonna be
another chance but then it end up like
us getting replaced so yeah everyone
just wants to win and even for me like I
don't have any bad blood I just want to
beat issome unfortunately we didn't win
and hopefully the next hash with the
split yeah do you whenever Hunter said
only because you brought it up do you
think hunter was trolling whenever he
said in the interview with awfully like
I don't I don't think vile Frost likes
weak the whole audience was like oh it
was I was just like dear what is going
on monster just places the crowd better
dude everyone seemed like man have
frosted and yeah it's like a master
manipulating this situation I mean when
you take I remember his tweet where he
like took a screenshot of nigga fuck you
and if it was taken out of context well
yeah it just seems like holy shit
Vincent someone just sent you this
heartfelt message and you just told ones
it fuck off you're such a mean person
but it's like an insight type of thing
okay inside joke
so okay
secretly I do hate Kevin though okay
there we go okay thanks so much for
clarifying that I want to bring it up at
some point timeless choice to know what
all right so we've got Eli on the show
Eli res Eli where you call from hey I'm
calling from Kissimmee
from where Kissimmee Florida Kissimmee
Florida okay they were really kissing
before but I have heard of Florida so I
know the general vicinity like a 30
minutes south of Orlando
yeah we have kids we have Disneyworld
yeah okay how do you are you nervous for
are you gonna try to go to Miami finals
I am I actually did sign up for a
lottery master are you nervous or upset
about it being a small venue like you
have like I'm just kind of curious
really quickly about this yeah like when
I heard that I was Miami I was like oh
that's really you know that's really
dope because like I never been to an LCS
event and there's not really many
eSports type events around here like
there's a lot of card game events like
yugioh magic and all that but nothing
really for eSports especially if me
which you know I'm into yeah I saw the
event was in Miami through well I will
dominates Twitter and then he
immediately was like why is the venue
only 2200 and I'm like oh shit yeah all
right well I just was curious about that
what do you want to talk about in the
show I want it because it's the halfway
point in the regular season um I was
wondering if you guys and it'd be
interesting it by Oh daddy's opinion on
this is if D think TSM CLG are still
playoff contender because like I said
it's a halfway point and I wouldn't say
that these teams don't look convincing
but they're certainly not living up to
expectation oh you know seal G's or that
bow for us on seal G right because
you're like I these teams I'm not sure
about it you know that's on at you I was
gonna say that a little bit later
I'm way
more convinced about clg's performance
even though good sir calm because
there's more convicting there's more
convincing plays on CLG side than I've
seen on TSM side and I know like I'm not
a TSM fan but I could acknowledge
they're really good team you know they
consistently want finals and all that
but I'm really unimpressed by this
roster and how they're doing this season
and just their play making in general
while I feel like CLG has way more
potential and like way more room to grow
I know that sounds weird
okay so bio frost are is there a chance
you could even make it to playoffs at
this point in time so how are you
staying the next several weeks where all
you kick back and relax you know I think
so gee I want to obviously make playoffs
and it sounds weird that I'm like trying
to make a playoffs because I remember in
the beginning of this but we're like
let's try to get first and then now it's
like let's make it to playoffs guys so
there's definitely some struggles there
and for TSM I think they have pretty
slow games where in terms of at least
after they get it early leave they don't
really snowball games as fast as some of
the other teams do and because of that
people were like oh why there's on TSM
do anything and for the most part TSM
has really good leaners they you always
see them getting early advantages they
always get King software sometimes Mikey
on ganks mid or top and they get leads
but they just end up throwing like the
mid game so in that sense like I think
TSM is definitely a playoff team I don't
know which teams are gonna kick out but
there's currently 7th and I'm sure to
say that CLG is gonna be a collapse team
as well because even though we're going
through a lot of like issue
right now we are improving even though
to the viewer it's like holy shit what
is she doing
and we definitely see it as well and
there's like people always bring up
draft or people bring up like why aren't
they doing anything early game and
that's probably because of the draft
where we have lanes that are not as
aggressive as theirs and we don't win in
the early game and then we're just
giving up things and some people don't
see it as oh if you're only 1k down at
like twenty minutes against his team
comp you're doing a wall and you're only
one drinking down but other people see
as like when CLG loses they're like okay
holy shit they didn't do anything and
early on for like 20 minutes they lost
dragon where's their objective control
and what are they really doing but draft
plays a part in that and at least for us
we're confident in ourselves make it to
playoffs if I said I wasn't confident in
making it a playoffs and something would
be wrong there because I think every
team should had the confidence to be
able to win and to make playoffs I mean
golden Guardian is now doing well and no
people originally were like : Guardians
they're gonna go I don't even know how
many games are like 18 games they're on
18 but doing a lot better now - Eli's
second point though who has a better
chance of making playoffs or who would
you believe in more CLG or TSM like this
would be a historic situation right if
TSM does not make playoffs it would be
the worst split they've ever had in the
LCS where is so it's it as much as you
want to believe in yourself like I'm
very curious if you would believe in
yourself so much that you would you
would say you know TSM potentially
doesn't make it I think TSM will make it
for sure one of the teams that are in
playoffs right now it was gonna end up
falling out because of a like a mid
split thing so I don't know which two
teams like hundred days is on the
decline like the hundred days on the
team like what I think are the ones that
are most likely based off of how things
have been going lately
yeah I think Team Liquid is definitely
gonna be his no question about that it
might just be fly quest but even then
fly quest has been looking a lot better
recently too when they have stunts but
they've been like like moving around
their roster a lot so maybe if they like
keep doing that where they're like oh we
want to try this and we want to try that
and every time they just like to try
something and ends up ending in like a
loss then you can quickly see them out
of playoff contention and one of the
teams like TSM or CLG will end up making
it you know I think TSM it would be
really weird if TSM didn't make it to
playoffs because they make it to finals
every split and not making the playoffs
is a lot more extreme like even when
they had yellow star in the 2016 spring
split they were six and they didn't look
as bad as say to like not look as bad
but they didn't have as bad of a record
as they do now yeah mm-hmm yeah because
in my opinion CLG looks a bit better on
paper like toward the beginning on the
season
cuz darshan is an excellent top laner
reignover was is a super good jungler
like I love watching season six
reignover and immortals and okay that
was some of the most fun games in my
opinion like watching LCS period and
yeah I really believe in the rest of
your roster just I can see I don't I
don't know some teams I've seen need
time to like kind of get into their
groove does that make sense yeah yeah
thank you so much for calling it you
know you can take comfort in the fact
that everyone aside for the top two
teams look like booty whole parts of
this season so everyone yeah yeah
acceptable invariants they've been
I mean they were just throwing game and
I still do yeah everyone has a chance
that's what I'm saying it's like all
along golden Guardians is look good
they've just been holding back
thank you you like watch the LCS Travis
listen it's very strategic what they're
doing from the very beginning their
management said we're gonna lose all
these games and then come back in the
second half all right bunch people
hooked us up
so in arrows discord gang donated $5
thank you and Eris discord gang Lord Mar
death
we got a host from Leviathan which was
nice yeah let's see Zig stuff six recept
q Kenley oh god something you guys his
name is Q con Holly subbed opt SF and
donated 1080 and said a great great
showed question for Vincent Kelsey
Missouri tweeted that TSM kept their
problems and picked up g2 s you know
firsthand TSN's problems and adaptation
by referencing the game with struggles
why do you think they continued to do
they need a well dome type person don't
I wanna take a long time on that but
let's just put it this way Vincent do
you think that TSM picked up gt's
problems is that a fair assessment
[Music]
alright that's fair that's fair
it's for the clickbait yeah Tom one is
in the call tom one where he comments
yes I'm planning he they hate each other
Tom where he's come from North Carolina
Chapel Hill North Carolina
all right and what do you want to talk
about on the show well I kind of want to
talk about the difference between 2016
TSM worlds and 2017 TSM at Worlds like
how a kind I definitely I think would be
fair to say that 2016 TSM looked like
more convincing in their games even in
their losses in 2017 yours and kind of
mentioned that in some video or
something and I was just wondering if
perhaps like after losing 2016 if it
like seriously impacted how the members
like interacted in TSM like maybe the
atmosphere of the team
just kind of seemed like there was a lot
more like sadness and you like spend
hate I guess and things like that
throughout the 2017 year then in 2016 so
I don't know maybe that's why at the
team like kind of had disband and maybe
fell apart toward the end no comment oh
no for 2016 we had a really good start
to the split like seventeen and one and
yeah we definitely looked a lot better
in 2016 in a world it's like we were
literally won like we were winning
really hard against Samsung Galaxy in
the early game and then we just had like
a teamfight where we ended up losing
Ashton to Victor by the way people
remember that but like there was a point
before where we kind of threw in mid
lane where three of us ended up dying
and then we lost most of our leave from
that so people don't really remember
that point but and just remember like
pollution thing but there was like a lot
of previous like prior mistakes that we
made and for 2017 I think screens were
going pretty well for us and it's just
that on stage like we never even got to
the point where we could do anything as
a team we just lost early game and it
was like okay what do we do now we're
like behind for a kegel they're like 15
minutes so I think in that sense it's a
lot different where we just didn't
really perform on stage in the early
game and yeah it was hard to deal with
but uh like in 2016 we had a lot better
of a chance at least it looked like
because we're doing a lot like a lot
better but at least for me personally I
felt like we were better and 2017 just
because of how much more we knew about
the game but it didn't really show on
stage I have a kind of follow-up
question to this and it can be I guess a
broader coaching / team prep question
because in 2016 you guys I remember
I think was welding with sorry about how
he like always wanted you guys to be
making plays why proactivity all the
time and forcing this kind of stuff and
you had a very clear kind of play styled
like spend beer on pot and you guys try
and blow botlane open and then in season
seven it felt like you like you said you
guys probably knew more about the game
then you had more options on what you
want to do but you were less defined and
like practice that in any one of them
and so like moving forward with CLG and
these kinds of things is there do you
prefer to be I guess a narrower team
that's more honed in at a skill set or
or like do you prefer like the kind of
more knowledge-based play each situation
differently I think it's a lot better to
have a certain play style that you
adhere to like every game of course
flexibilities really importantly
something international stage because
when you have like a patch that doesn't
really see your place all it could be it
could be like game over for you in a
best-of one setting so in that sense
it's like not a good thing but if you
have a really good style that you play
like every game where okay we're gonna
draft this way and then we're gonna play
around these lands then you can quickly
get into routine of things where you
have this set playbook and your place
become very consistent and it looks a
lot better on stage where like for
example 2016 immortals in spring split
where they always play it off of hooni
like reign over just went taut bands he
would help Cooney whatever the way I can
and then Walter one I'll take I mean not
while turtle and I'll take wall turtle
and Adrian would just be alone on the
island and they would just pick
self-sufficient lanes where they can
just farm where they play like Soraka
and Janna
so having like that type of set
playstyle can really help you gain
consistency I do think it's a lot better
for a team to be good at many different
styles but it's often not possible and
it's a lot better to be hone down and
like one specific style
okay so final point I would ask is like
so there's obviously so much kind of
memeing about TSM and groups and like
obviously like you mentioned its
pressure about a big team so do you
think that that sort of thing affects
the relationship of players and then
your play because I mean obviously we
can't actually see all of your
interactions and we don't really know
the intricacies of your relationships
but either it's just something I'm
seeing just because I kind of want to
see it but it almost seems like in 2017
there was more like I don't know more
tension between the people and in 2016 I
think people were just more I guess on
edge I would say because if we best up
again in 2017 it would be very very bad
I mean we kind of saw what happens as a
result of losing so people are like no
this is it this is our last chance and
it will kind of knew that if we did play
poorly in this wills it might just be it
might be it you know it might be our
last split of playing together as one so
in that sense things were more stressful
thank you Tom so you would say all the
memes about 6-8 killing you guys and
that last game has not made you hate
stick say do you hate more hunter or
stick say yeah is there a sleeper we
don't know about who's like secretly
your most hated actually yes there's
gotta be someone and I bet you like fire
frost is like the nice guy dude you know
like that's his brand but there's gotta
be someone in LCS that he hates you know
I feel like everybody has someone who
like even if you don't hate them they
just like rub you the wrong way like
mark mark makes tweets that are very
mean about me and he bullies me and
nobody likes me
yeah I remember a lot of yeah
we'll never know who bio Frost hates the
most but there's right now I don't hate
anyone there's no one that rubs you the
wrong way like you just you have weird
interactions at the LCS
he's never gonna call somebody out on
the show there's the most anti bio
frosting ever he's not gonna be like
right now he's not gonna be like yeah
you know Apollo really smells man you
know there's no one that like kind of
goes out of out of their way to like be
like by oh you suck yeah no one pops out
yeah okay we've got just a couple more
questions coming in and just a second by
the way for vile frust
and twitch chat and all the colors we
are now talking no more about TSM it
makes sense that we talked a lot about
TSM they're the most popular team in
that bio for us was on there for so long
but no more TSM conversations we're not
gonna be like bio frost what was a what
was your diet like when you were eating
or when you write TSM what was what did
you the majority of your food and
sustenance would you say that you ate
healthier than hauntzer chicken nuggets
every time mark goes to the other
channel he does this where he's just
like I'm like what did at least
conversation he just he looks so
exasperated whenever he's in that other
channel always bad hi mark I just always
rub my face and just like yeah yeah I
just every time I feel like you're like
all these callers they don't know mlz
the colors are great I love to callers
hey this guy's the same as I do and
we'll see you have marks initials where
you call from East Lansing and they're
actually not my initials it's part of my
last name okay well first three letters
all right we don't need to disclose too
much we keep it safe but calling from
East Lansing which is where I in
Michigan Michigan State University oh
nice I had a cousin though we don't
really talk to I don't really know
anything what complicated story anyway
what what do you want to talk about I
want to talk about all tech and Adrian
and now I think they're a very
underrated bot duo and they don't really
get any credit for being on echo fox
even though they're the top team in the
league right now I mean like mark
you're talking about echo Fox's success
earlier you didn't even mention oh yeah
no I'm glad you brought this up I was
gonna say something at the time but he's
like we were talking about the MVPs and
you were like listen like huni's so good
like I'm not trying to say anything in
Startalk and obviously Phoenix is really
great but hoody is just kind of it felt
like you were forgetting I know that's
not what you were going for it yeah I'm
gonna tell you why you should talk about
them do so honey and RDoc they obviously
aldehyde because they're making big
plays top lane but doc is camping the
shit out of honey like every single game
it is Nara doc it's a dart out Cooney
duo but I think that despite not getting
any really pressure bottling and not
getting in your resources and in fact
often times using resources from botlane
to try to get top lane ahead they
managed to come out mid like even every
time or even on top sometimes and like I
think that's really that's very telling
for robot duo to be able to do that
despite having no pressure but so if
you're going to talk about the best
teams the best bot lanes in the league
doublelift I believe mentioned in a in
an interview sometime that he thought
the best lines were sneaky and smoothie
myth he didn't make any mistakes and
then obviously he thinks him at all they
are the best but if you want to talk
about how all tech and Adrian actually
went up against those guys in all their
games you see you start to see patterns
where they are saving garlic and honey
from they're throwing even though
there's supposedly the supposed to be
ones carrying this game so vs. c9
obviously it was a camp the shit out of
licorice fest and get Tony super ahead
but they're at 15 minutes there was a
play where a dart got caught in the
topside jungle and it was a three-man
push for c9 down mid lane where they
were it looked like it was gonna be a
swinging tempo for c9 like the romantic
first turret and they're gonna get back
into this game
but at that same time it was all taken
Adrian and smoothie in the bottling
Alltech and Adrian dos smoothie killed
Alice Tigers like when the tape most
tanky supports it's played right now
killed him under history
and managed just instead it happy a
tempo to a temple swing for c9 it was a
turret and under kill for both teams so
I think that just illustrates how
they're able to keep the the throws in
check I think because they are so solid
and they did that
minase you can chime in if you want ya
unsung heroes yeah yeah we don't need to
rephrase the question sure so just what
he's trying to say mark is that Adriane
all tech huh what what are all tech
what's all tech CSD - three CSD at that
time with no her jungle resources last
in the league and he's negative for
Portland all the thing I'm looking at
yeah yeah he's negative 4.9 and you're
right he doesn't get much help and
that's fine sneaky is number one the
league and he's six in Jungle proximity
they don't get any help either so
there's a good reason that people don't
like this bot Lane is good I'm not
saying they're bad but they are
fundamentally not the reason for echo
foxes success okay
oh I'm not sounding I'm just saying well
then why are they underrated they're
just when people talk about why echo fox
is good and how they're winning it's
like all tech and Adrian like bio frost
even said when it was Adrian wildturtle
a similar story on the old immortals
team they're very self-sufficient they
don't need resources to do well they do
well because but they don't win the game
for echo fox they're not the ones
stopping the throws like something like
I'm like that's a great point like yeah
they do make good plays I'm not saying
that but when you look at this team
Phoenix is smashing everybody has the
highest CSD in the entire league and
then the same story with hooni so you
have massive laning pressure here's
another interesting stat when you play
against echo fox doc is the highest
jungle proximity jungler in the lead
like he is still behind every other
jungler he plays against on average
because Phoenix and who need generates
so much pressure you need to react to
them and then dart out counter ganks so
when people talk about echo fox it's not
that they don't respect all tech and
Adrian it's just that they're not that
important don't worry mostly I think
he's being aggressive because I was
teasing him about not saying that you
know yeah it was it's it's just one that
I've popped off this episode
so I just had to we were the really
unfortunate mark victim and I think they
actually I think they do manage SAP that
there's a lot of times if I can go on
and make a point about where other
opinion here let's get I don't know
let's get someone else well real really
hang on okay I just want to hear someone
else is a pain about because I
understand what what his point is and I
think he understands my yeah okay
Vincent really quickly do you what do
you think of all taken Adrian are there
and I'll sort of what do you think of
this conversation between mark and mlz
[Music]
well taken Adrian like Mark said they're
just self-sufficient they don't get a
lot of help and you kind of can't really
tell what it would be like if they got
help I think probably in scrims are like
okay it's very consistent to play around
who he gets leads and he plays really
well off of them
same with Phoenix and I don't think I'll
take an agent are the best leaners there
there okay and Lynne and in comparison
to sneak a movie in cancer maybe they're
really good in Lane where they make very
few mistakes they have really good based
timings and usually those based timings
allows smoothie to realm like you see
smoothie roaming toppling and that only
happens after like you have a lot of
temple in the bot lane and that's
usually because of the way they play
laid out and you don't really see the
same thing with echo I remember playing
against echo fox Adrian TV top and they
lost spot hour because of it and those
are the mistakes that really
differentiate between a very good
balling and an okay one it's those
mistakes that can really change the pace
of the game and where you lose a lot of
temple because of bad base or use of a
battery or a bad decision and you don't
see c9 following any of those and for
echo fox they just play a lot better
when they have the jungle pressure
around mid and top because they placed
so much more aggressive in lanes just to
play styles you can really important to
play around those lines because you
don't need Altec and Adrian to play
super aggressive to win the game you
just need them to be stable and play
teamfights
and get most of your leave from mid and
top so really quickly Mel's because we
do have three other people to get
through and I'm we're already running
over time but I'm stealing back fences
Vincent's traffic time do you want to
retort because I mark kind of ran you
over and then I I just want to give you
a final final remark I just wanted to
say I mean I could go on about how I
think that they do stop the throws and I
could point out plays where they have
stopped our dock and hooni from throwing
but obviously if I mean if you don't
have time enough time so yeah yeah I
just think that they I've had a really
good season I think that they're the
backbone of this team that's solid and
allows them to be super powerful on the
map elsewhere and I just never a good
season they fit well on that collection
yeah you should tweet at mark later with
some examples yeah you guys can take it
as Twitter go for it mark I've never
I've done this show we were in episode
42 died mark this is about a few times
I've seen market really defensive I
don't know wait I'm not even defensive
I'm like go for it just seemed seem a
little defense over it look at you mark
look at this this mark you find the
balance between alpha and beta I'm just
kidding
the examples II forgot it is a pleasure
yeah all right we got three quick calls
to go through I'm just kidding wow he's
already on the other channel all right
we got a keyblade valor nineteen the
silent night gifted a sub to CLG bio
frost congratulations bio frost on your
new sub you have the access to emotes
for me mark Kelby who you no no that's
my Jam's resub moon strokes rated a
while ago and public Allah give to the
sub table main so she's she's back if
with
so it looks like we lost a caller so
like maybe we only have two left
Connor H 314 an Ivysaur a bokken v 515
and jurasky
as recent and what Mark did to the other
or would you only have one color left
well so one guy I've just didn't move
him out of the room because it was like
we were can use this question yeah
and in case yes Mike isn't working okay
hopefully it's fixed if we have I
remember kids he has this question they
typed in and maybe I can try Andrea yeah
you can check at the end and if not then
you can now you can wait but Khan who is
called in previously as a twitch sub had
a really interesting question we didn't
get a chance to talk too much about CLG
on this show and I felt really bad about
it so I I went to the sub chat and I'm
listed there help con where you call
from I'm in Idaho that's right and
you've you've called him before I really
appreciate what did you want to talk
about well we never really got a chance
to talk too much with pro players but I
was asked Vincent Weis here what like
the day of the life of like a
professional league player is yeah I
think a lot of people feel like you guys
just play the game for 1214 hours a day
and that's all you do
I'm kind of curious like if there's more
that goes on when it comes to being a
pro player and like an Oregon stuff so
yeah just from a CLG perspective even
not talking about them what is a day in
the life of a player on on CLG okay so
let's say it for tomorrow okay tomorrow
I'm probably gonna wake up around 8:30
eat breakfast and at nine o clock I have
a commensal skills workshop that goes on
for like an hour and then at 10 we have
scrims
and scrim blocks usually three hours so
you have two of those in a day and after
the stream blocks usually you don't have
anything else when do those end the day
usually ends at around seven sometimes
it goes over sometimes it's a little bit
earlier but after a certain block you
usually eat and then usually soloqueue
until like maybe like
and 10:30 and then I go to bed at like
11:30 I watched like maybe one episode
of my favorite TV show TV show which is
it's an anime so it's not Java
what anime what anime is real TV okay
that's an awfully in chat earlier yeah
we'll be interested
it's called a viola ever garden oh yeah
I watch episode 1 of that but then I
never watched you know all this shows up
in show in all capitals what anime it's
good I like yeah as a really good narc
so what Gian you have lunch and dinner
so maybe you can talk a little bit about
what that experience is like
I mean people absolutely asking like
what is it but you guys have a cook like
how does this all go so our cook his
name is Andrew and the meals are all
paid for so it's all cooked and they're
all really good so breakfast lunch and
dinner is all included do you have any
cryo Genesis therapy or whatever that
shit was like it's here that's what he
was not on the team at that title but I
didn't know if it was still going on
it's just wasn't have you gone and the
free frozen tank thing no didn't do one
of those like boot camps where we go to
the training facility so I didn't get
the opportunity to get in one of those
but just I'm pretty cool though I don't
know if it's pretty cool well Ross I
want to be cool in the freezer just stop
well I think one I think it's pretty
cool to hear about the mental hour you
have because I think that's something
that most people maybe not where pro
teams having also is grass like do you
guys have like a dater in the week where
you guys like kind of have off to just
kind of recoup and start over your week
um today's actually my off day so
usually on Mondays after LCS you get one
day to do whatever you want
unfortunately I'm spending it right here
on the show
yeah I don't know you spent a decent
amount of it at dinner and in traffic
and for going out some discourse
problems Vincent darling in the Franks
watch whatever like you know don't you
have something better to do yeah well I
have to make it up to Travis somehow
because Lee and Marcia had some discord
problems yeah
so one you sometimes you guys triple
block because I know this is like a but
it's like an interesting thing like what
team is triple blocking oh this team
started triple blocking well these guys
are triple blocking already can late
triple block this long like do you
alright are you just that happen at all
in the future or you plan it like is
that a thing that will happen
triple blocking it takes a lot out of
you
while on TSM we had triple blocks of
Walden and whoa not a fun time after you
do it for a while and on CLG we haven't
had that but it can help for some teams
and it could be detrimental for others
because when you do nine games in a day
for like scrims the quality of the games
overall just decreases and some people
when they play like that many games or
communication drops and things just
become very I guess not as good as maybe
six games of sure focus so it just
depends on what you need to work on
because like let's say I think most
players most pro players after screams
will play solo queue anyway so the logic
is why not just place crimson if you're
just gonna place a little cute anyway so
the difference I think is at least in
scrims you have to communicate a lot and
it takes up a lot of energy where isn't
so lucky you don't and yeah it's just it
takes up a lot of more energy and if you
want to have like triple blocks and I
think it's important for people that are
working on a lot of like the drills a
lot of the mechanical things and a lot
of just kind of getting to mesh more as
a team
so yeah I mean we're not doing triple
blocks by no team with Team Liquid
triple blocking which means someone else
is but it's not CLG we'll figure it out
Travis well technically you don't well I
guess I'm trying to think about I'm like
you could scrim somebody could scrim
twice and I mean twice but then
somewhere this game's gonna be offset
but probably not yeah well mike is my
final question that that's a kind of
about scrams I come I played sports as
like as a kid coming up do you think
it's you get more out of a scrim if you
go into a scrim and you lose against
maybe a tougher opponent or do you gain
more out of a scrim let's say where you
could have a game plan and you're
successful in it against maybe somebody
that's not as strong I think for sure
the harder teams because when you play
against a weaker team they don't punish
you for a lot of the mistakes that you
end up doing and against a better team
they start punishing you you know they
make a teepee play when you're looking
for a setup
they're like punishing you on like
specific windows where when you're
playing it's a weaker team like you
don't get punished and then on stage if
you have only been playing like weaker
teams and they're something you go on
stage and other team is like punishing
you for a lot of the choices you're
making in game then you're like what
happened I thought this was working so
it's a lot more it's a lot better to get
punished in scrims playing against a
better team than executing really well
it can be good ones thank you for that
thanks so much Khan for calling in that
was good any shame are you trying to get
the last yeah just check them really
quickly and we can we can power through
it really quick if we need to
speaking of powering through CLG star
fades 420 so thanks for having Vincent
on I usually I'm only able to catch the
YouTube videos glad I could watch it
live public Allah said join 800 bits I
can't read it in time because we got
kiss he has on the show cuz he has is
your mic working yet
yeah is working where you come from I'm
calling from Costa Rica from Costa Rica
nice great way to call close up the show
here I think I love it when we get
international callers on what do you
want to talk about yeah I wanted to talk
about
shun and his impact on zeal gene I think
like there was a time where when CLG
found like their playstyle
well we've had a split push and all
these but now I feel like that I may be
impacting or maybe one of the causes
while CLG is not working or is not
playing that good anymore I think he is
a very mental player motional player I
think like he might be struggling and
because for example they won to lack of
folks who is the top team right now but
I think they won based of his mental
state he wanted to beat honey because
honey
says that he's better than anyone else
so but on the rest of the games I don't
know what he's going on but I think the
expanding the resources on door shine
might not be the best or even though
he's a very good player so I don't know
I wanted to your point of view and of
course by your first point of unities
Darsh Vincent stop giving darshan
resources it's a waste at least no but
so I think kiss has you were saying you
feel like darshan is the kind of
emotional player that might affect his
play and right now maybe he's
inconsistent or maybe he should be more
supporting rather than you know trying
to carry of course I see the analyst
desk and I saw them like talking about
how the shine is the one player that can
save Zod because he's so op level right
now but I think that maybe that's the
problem that we he is not the you maybe
he's not the player that can carry the
team I think they're the the CLG must
play more like like a whole than just
trying to invest that much resources on
Deutsch and that's what that's my point
right boy for us so tomorrow before the
scrims
you
you're gonna take the recording I'll
give you the clip hand it over to Tony
and let him know that way and play
around me exactly
listen this Costa Rica guy he's got it
he's got to figure it out
it's about weed darshan so he gets upset
and then smashes again
alright so close you got the show
closing out the show Vincent what do you
think of this it's just I think when
we're watching life begins when I watch
the games back I just see a lot of small
moments that we're not executing on and
for darshan he is a pretty emotional
player where he works really he plays
really well when he's in a good mood and
he reassures his teammates of love so
he's like a shining beacon and I don't
think like we're having a situation
where we're playing off of him too much
where we're giving him too many
resources I don't I think that we're
actually not playing off of one lane in
particular right now we just have lanes
that it's not really possible to play
off of where you know we keep drafting
these lanes where we're getting pushed
pushed in early so you can't really play
off of lane that gets pushed in earlier
other than just counter ganking and
getting a safe vision for the venting
that our team from getting the first
turret so yeah I can see the concern but
I don't think that's a pertinent problem
thank you cuz he has they really
appreciate thank you all right cool
that's the show so really quickly I'm
gonna shout out the rest of the folks
and I'll be stick around after the
stream memmer one-on-one subbed pan con
manga mg Rath Oliver the best cat of
solitaire and tail of leaves so many
subs that we have to figure out maybe a
better way to do this in the future mark
you want to give any shoutouts plugs
anything at the end here anything to
sing
I'm really looking forward to playing
some Monster Hunter now that we're done
with this show
I haven't haven't done too much yet but
it seems really intriguing I'm looking
forward to it a lot you got any Arab
lame game coming this week yeah probably
that's wrong is there any offline stuff
coming out this week probably all right
are you gonna be on the analyst test
this week work yeah probably
okay okay good glad that there's a
probable chance of something happening
this week with you something's gonna
happen bio frost you got anything here
ah no thank you for having me on the
show thank you and by the way thanks
first role player on the show yeah our
first pro player thank you for coming on
no worries that you were a little bit
late we figure it out and I really
really appreciate hopefully other people
will come on soon and thanks by the way
to omen for sponsoring the show they
also support CLG so that's pretty nice
and yeah thanks everyone for watching
I'll be around for a little bit at the
end and if you oh I always forget to say
this there's a podcast version of the
show there's an audio version of the
show I probably should say that the
start of the show I don't everybody's
always asked about that it's on iTunes
on Google Play goes up the same day as
this and I think I might start posting
the full vaad
a day earlier on on patreon I'm not sure
we're gonna play around with that baby
wait thanks everyone for watching Thank
You Vincent that's the show